Yes, yes,
when the Covid-19 pandemic broke out, what
needs to be done right now is... [
illegible text]... ...
After the pandemic, help
people to the best of your ability and with
sincerity. If you are a Buddhist
seller, keep prices the same and don't increase them.
Find sources of goods to supply everyone. Use
wisdom to filter information when
receiving it online, don't do things you don't
know clearly, don't cause panic among people,
don't fear hunger because you can't buy food,
don't fear illness because you won't get treatment.
We believe in positive karma, practice the
constitution, and the results will come to us. If
we are sincere, we will encounter
good things. We should diligently practice moderation, contentment, and maintain precepts.
Because of the COVID-19 pandemic,
some jobs and regulations
may cause difficulties for employers. If you
are a Buddhist employee, you should
consider
your own financial situation and
voluntarily ask for a pay cut or for free
for a certain period so that your employer
can overcome difficulties and not go
bankrupt. This empathy and understanding
will bring you good karma and
always receive help and support from others.
When facing hardship and difficulties, and this is also a
practice of the Buddha's teachings in the sutra of the
master and the person compiling the Vietnamese Buddhist Canon, the
head of the Sutra of Longevity, the
Buddha taught the workers to
skillfully perform their work to bring
good reputation. If Buddhists can do
this, it is truly practicing the Dharma,
spreading it widely, so that they may have the
power from the truth of the good people, and
through sincere prayers, they will receive the
support of the Devas, Angels, and Dharma Protectors, and it will be
more beneficial than in suffering and affliction.
We practice enlightenment, practice astrology, and cultivate the karmic foundation of
many lifetimes. We practice the
Bodhisattva path for the benefit of the majority of fellow
practitioners. Listen to this video to
better understand how to cultivate to obtain true
power and benefit the world,
and for the benefit of fellow practitioners.
[Music]
[Applause]